it can't just be because he's a guy and
you're a woman and it can't just be
because he's unattractive and you're
more attractive than him we have to come
to the principle of the thing like in
essence what is it that makes something
creepy or not what are the criteria for
not being people what's the alternative
how to not be a creep when stepping up
and giving a stranger unwanted attention
yeah unasked-for admiration on the
internet you're gonna see babe wait way
to the conclusion this applies to you
this applies to you cuz you yeah that's
how you found me
Melissa's here sitting next to me to
have a laugh I mean this is about a
serious subject but it's completely
tragically hilarious right so let's use
that look this is real this is really
real this is as real as it gets
Sally I don't know if you remember me
but my cousin and I were the guys you
talk to you well in line for the event
at that place on Sunday I was the one in
the fedora oh and he was the one in the
walking dead t-shirt so look you can
already see I got that little caption
there on the right hand side he is
trying he's trying not to be creepy now
my friend Sally sent this to me freaking
out the first thing she said to me was
you know oh my god I can't believe this
guy sent me this email this is so creepy
and I said we got it we gotta take a
step back here let's really examine in
2019 what does it mean to be creepy and
it can't just be because he's a guy and
you're a woman and it can't just be
because he's unattractive and you're
more attractive than him we have to come
to the principle of the thing like in
essence what is it that makes something
creepy or knocker you what are the
criteria for not being people what's the
alternative how to not be a creep when
stepping up and giving a stranger
unwanted attention yeah unasked-for
admiration on the internet you're gonna
see babe wait way to the conclusion this
applies to you this applies to you cuz
you yeah that's how you found me
you had to step up and send me someone
asked for attention at some point right
yeah that was you see how that turned
out okay yeah I can't believe I can't
believe this was a completely on ironic
use of I was the one in the fedora but
that's what it is so you guys are
wondering right off the bat and it
shouldn't matter but it does matter and
has to matter what is Sally look like I
Oh Sally Sally is attractive I would say
Sally is attractive enough that if you
saw her you'd think you could be the
weather girl reading the weather report
I'm sorry you could be the fully-grown
meteorologist attractive female
meteorologist on a respectable news
network
like you know NBC or CBS or CNN or
whatever but she is not so good-looking
she is not so outrageously attractive
that you would think wow you could be
the weather reporter on one of those
like really skeezy like Italian the news
networks they're like you know the
Mexican news at 7:00 were like if you
flip past it you're like is this even
really a news channel like this doesn't
look like a legitimate weather apart
right right how did they hire this woman
because she actually studied like
weather science and you never like what
the hell you know okay some of you know
all right so yeah she's good looking and
sure that's part of the context and I
have indeed seen photographs of the dude
and no he is not he kind of looks like
YouTube's weapon collecting expert skull
grim if he had been dying of cancer
since birth and was miraculously cured
but not really miraculously just by
modern science and people say that yeah
he's really this
it's just he's got that overall bad
health unattractive glow about him yeah
yeah and it comes across in photo I
never met him I didn't see a YouTube
just just the photographs you're like
yeah okay but you know life's a struggle
you know unattractive people need love
too and you're gonna see he makes it and
and again the real ethical question is
here you can't just call someone a creep
because you happen to find them
unattractive or because they were
objectively in favor because you're more
dragging them or because want to use a
man and one he's a woman you know there
are gay people - sometimes the genders
are the same or whatever sometimes
whatever we have to get to the essence
of this thing okay after we went our
separate ways
I realized that other than my cousin
giving you his business card so the
cousin already made his move here people
cousin got the got the phone number in
we had so much as exchanged names to my
surprise I discovered that this bothered
me a lot and I found myself hoping I'd
run into you again before my family and
I left the place I enjoyed our
conversation very much and I hope you
did as well I thought you were
intelligent and charming and I feel like
we had a lot in common
not necessarily including being
intelligent so this is this is working
okay on you you're not respond then
Sally responded super negatively to this
like she was right she was fuming she
was in my shoes like this is she didn't
just say it was creepy sounds like she
said it was so entitled
I know I know
look of course what you look like
matters of course it does it's but I'm
just saying we can't judge this email as
creepy because of how he looks right
like that that there has to be some I
know but she well that's right and look
so Sally and I are friends now we go way
back like car seats you know and I said
is that you've told me other stories
about guys trying to step to you like
way more aggressively or initially and
you weren't cool with it or what I'm
like you know what it wasn't you know
what
but what if y-you know what is what is
it about this the guest you yeah we
talked about it you know what whatever I
mean she's got her perspective on but
you know back back in the day there was
a time before I met Melissa when I you
know I talked to Sally myself was like
maybe you and I should be some kind of a
couple that was what I was thinking I
did not say that that was not my that
was not my opening line or something
like hey you know maybe but but you know
but you so come back to that it was like
look you didn't find it you didn't find
it inappropriate what I you know gotten
touched you was like hey what's up and
you know she knew what was up we're
still friends today which is really cool
that's a wonderful skill if you can
develop it guys to like get to know
people and then decide hey you know we
can be we can be just friends and then
actually be friends it's hard it's hard
man most middle-aged people have no
friends yeah I said it no that's why
people watch sitcoms that's why people
watch sitcoms so they can act out the
fictional parallel universe in which
middle-aged people have charming
conversations with their charming
friends because you don't middle-aged
people spend all their time burning
money changing diapers picking up poo
from their domesticated pets going to
the dry cleaners and if you ever do talk
to a friend it's for like five minutes
on the phone yeah yeah man what's up I'm
just on my way to the dry cleaners to
pick up this poo but like like dude it
doesn't exist the vast majority of
middle aged people do not have friends
they have people they're sleeping with
that they may or may not be married to
they have jobs they have and it's
horrible most middle-aged people do not
have friends
okay struggle is real all right cool I
thought you were intelligent charming
when we got back to my cousin's house I
remember that you said your job was this
particular job which provided an
opportunity to look you up and get in
touch so he knew what to Google to track
dinner email but I hesitated because I
wasn't sure if it would be appropriate
however over the last few days I've come
to the conclusion that if I don't at
least try to contact you then for a long
time I'll wonder what would have
happened if I hadn't chickened out so I
looked you up on your employer's
site and set this email so look Melissa
I've didn't saying you okay
you're imagining it's like me right so
what yeah but you okay so when Eric man
right yeah right somewhat close to my
age man who's not dying of cancer
right who doesn't look like he's dying
of cancer right right right and you you
not creep top of this whatever you know
different strokes for different folks
okay hold on plot twist plot twist plot
twist plot twist okay to be honest I
don't really know what I'm hoping to
accomplish right now just getting up the
courage to contact you is the goal once
the email is sent I'll probably feel
like the fish from the dentist tank in
Finding Nemo ah
yes oh you should be I guess fish is
plural here they finally escape to the
ocean pad themselves in the back and
then say now what for now I suppose I
just want the opportunity to get to know
you a little better I guess a good place
to start is to tell you a little about
myself oh oh no keep your seatbelts on
my name is Johnny anonymous I'm a
Christian originally from somewhere in
the United States but currently living
elsewhere in the Unites States to study
something at the University of someone I
am in the fifth year of my PhD program
having gotten my master's degree along
the way
I'm 32 a proud home school graduate and
the second of six children I play music
at my church mostly bass guitar nowadays
but some acoustic guitar mandolin and
vocals as well okay in my spare time I
enjoy playing strategy and role-playing
games both tabletop and PC I like
fantasy and sci-fi especially Doctor Who
and Lord of the Rings
along with Harry Potter go ravenclaw so
if you were wondering what kind of a man
would say on ironically I was the guy in
the fedora it is indeed the same guy who
tells you he is
a proud product of homeschooling that
he's a fundamentalist Christian and that
he spends all his time playing strategy
and role-playing games etc and thus he
is obviously failing to meet women at
his church and in his ph.d program he's
on a university campus so I get
approached on University I'm ugly I'm 40
years old women trying to get with me on
University campus this is honesty can't
be creepy I mean like okay no I'm wrong
it can be but the press you know what
what are you what are you gonna say what
is it that makes this group I'm not
saying Sally is wrong Sally got creeped
out she finds this creepy and there were
different reasons why including like she
didn't give this guy her phone number
email and whatever I didn't give you my
email me you know I mean like people
gotta getting people gotta you know get
their courage together and you know it's
it's a challenge I understand what I'm
trying in this video to get to the
essence get to the real criteria with
you guys that I've had crushes on what
I've said in these moments like right
I'm gonna break the ice here right I'm
gonna break the ice and maybe I fall
through but look look look look look
look look
what if you're this guy's sister to make
the hypothetical more open so like you
know he's your brother
you're his sister and he says hey I met
this person at the event and you know I
did find her email and I could write to
her do you think I should do it all
right you as his sister might say yeah
no you know and what's the worst-case
scenario well I think I would just write
you know but obviously you're wrong yeah
I just I am trying to be sympathetic and
also I don't have a lot of experience
with guy yeah sorry I don't have a lot
of experience with guys he
on me or coming on me especially now but
when they do they're working really hard
to close the deal cuz like you know me
your former serious boyfriend and a
couple other guys you may have a couple
of the guys who pursued your numerous
they were like straight up like oh I'm
here to commit yeah so I just say you
say that but on the other hand like
you're talking to like minimum four or
five guys like me me your ex-boyfriend I
can think of offhand yes like three
other and all those guys were just like
yo yeah I want in and whatever you know
yeah
so I just say you do you know you know
you're 26 years old you know you don't
you don't make yourself available like
you know and but yeah they're few
different guys have stepped up and been
like hey I want oh yeah yeah look some
people they don't get 5 in a decade most
look most people are repulsive than most
other people trust me I know but
nevertheless
I mean that's the thing that's one when
I say like look if I'm hanging out in a
university campus especially with PhD
students you know older people like that
people are trying to get with me why cuz
there were like hundreds of them so if
one person in a hundred is interested in
me that's still a couple people you know
it's over a period of time so it's you
know that's no that's no boast but yeah
I do not play my time but so I do not
spend my time playing sci-fi fantasy
strategy role-playing games Doctor Who
ordinary cetera but you know what the
truth is if I did I'd probably meet more
women let's be real and then all this
stuff would come out in time is how it
used to be when people would have like
first dates right ask somebody in the
street you don't know anything about so
with this I know I know it's possible
Sally likes Lord the Rings and Harry
Potter right a lot of people I responded
to this talking to Sally's who were
chatting murder and she was fuming that
at that point I think she calmed down
within like 15 20 minutes to put she was
really mad yeah she really felt again
she didn't feel the I was being creepy
she felt he was entitled because also
interesting saying what is he entitled
to here
I said bags were on that point would he
be entitled he's begging you and he is
begging you for a first date it's
begging you can't say someone's entitled
when they were a beggar
begging but you know it's a while she
was sending me messages like
you know fuming with this I got out my
pickaxe and went to the mine and I'm
mind through my email history because I
remembered an email that I sent to a
woman and you know what
like let me just look you know I was
trying to remember her case why did Sun
this I got this email and I sent it to
her send her a copy of this email I said
well look this is like one of the last
times I can remember - and the email I
sent like you know obviously I've got to
anonymize this there's no kind of it was
just like this was someone who had
already written to me expressing
interest in a specific issue let's
pretend it's the history and politics of
Cambodia so it's one of those things I
have real specialized expertise right
again this is all anonymized and this
person has written to me and I know
they're an attractive female and I wrote
back to them and it just says hey I you
know sorry you were asking me about
whatever
here's the link to this here's the link
to that that's it yeah and there's
absolutely nothing but you know and I
said - Sally I was like well look you
know I totally think even though there's
absolutely nothing flirty there's
nothing personal whatever I am a hundred
percent certain you know she got this
email and was like hey you know but it's
he's opening the door a crack whatever
it is like there's there's some interest
there I'm certain and that's how it was
with me in you you sent me email that
was not in any way flirtatious at all
yeah and it was just factual and it was
just you know talking about areas of
common interest and I was I knew from
the very first email you were trying to
say with me so you know like you know
and and whatever and that leaves the
ball in your court and you can you can
respond this way you can split you can
you can take it you know over however
you want to take it right so anyway I
sent that I sent that cell it was a well
look you know I I went you know I went
deep into the minds of my my email
history and I got you this example and I
was like do you think that's creepy
where I just said oh and and at first
her answer was well no because she wrote
to you first this one more to person I
said no I don't think
you talked to this guy first you know
you met him standing in a lineup like I
you know I know you know it's for Dave
but still no no that can't be the
criterion and even so okay well then
take that out of it what if
hypothetically this was me right into
her first
whereas I go hey like I happen to know
some out like like let's say she has a
YouTube channel or something you're
interested in Cambodian history and
politics and like here's a link to
something of written that's what was
linked to it was you know past research
I did like you know here's my research
on Cambodian history and politics and I
don't even say if you want to talk to me
about this I'm going to I don't say that
oh yeah hey you asked this could here
here's dinner but of course of course
and like for me there's that detachment
there just like I was saying about Sally
herself you know we could just be
friends with this could just be someone
where we have a common interest in
history and politics of Cambodia or
whatever it is maybe we have a lot of
other things in common maybe we have not
maybe this person turns out to be a
fundamentalist Christian with you know
like you don't know you don't even like
you don't know the rest of their life
you don't know what kind of crazy crap
they're into could maybe even Lord of
the Rings and Doctor Who and Harry
Potter which I don't want to get mold
when I have no artists and you know you
don't you don't know maybe she also
plays the mandolin in her church choir
you know you don't know like okay this
is the one thing I know about you but
yet to me and it's like but look I got
you cake that woman I sent the email to
you about Cambodian politics I totally
think you can send something that
neutral that objective and the person of
the other one is like you were creep I
think that can totally happen right I
was creeped out by you but no you know
you know you already know we've
mentioned I think I mention this on
YouTube already but I could tell you
were trying to flirt with me or trying
to get with me and then you know when I
checked out your facebook at that time
and said you had a boyfriend you know
you know you know and then like months
later I asked you about that it was like
look you know you know yeah it was like
a turning point the conversation was
like look you know like you know I've
seen your facebook and you've seen mine
so like you know come on well you really
oughta but here you know and you were
like
yeah I know but anyway I just say that
was uh yeah well hey but hey you played
the win well that's the other thing I'm
gonna say in the conclusion here it's a
high city it's a high stakes game
there's risk no I mean you're taking a
risk you gotta you gotta be willing to
humiliate yourself you gotta be willing
to embarrass okay all right so look here
he is he's trying really hard not to be
creepy if you find this message in poor
taste please let me know in case it's
not obvious I'm not in the habit of
doing these kinds of things to be honest
I feel like I'm in way over my head here
I would hate nothing more than to cause
you any discomfort or distress if on the
other hand you might be interested in
staying in touch I look forward to
hearing from you again I'm on Facebook
if you want to look me up there so again
in the example I got out of the minds
you know I didn't say anything like that
but of course you know of course I'm on
facebook I'm on Instagram I'm on you if
you if she wanted to look me up she
could God to him look if he wants to
know my penis size it's on the Internet
if she wants to see shirtless selfies of
me or footage of me doing 200 push-ups
in a gym in Thailand that's all on the
Internet if she wants to see me
challenging another grown man to a
boxing match it's all on the other hand
she wants to read the research I've done
see the intellectual side of my life my
study of languages must see my
handwriting in lotion and Chinese all
that's the inner tube let's say you
don't spill it out but my point is
implicitly in even the shortest and most
minimal email communication of course
you can find you you can find me on the
internet you can find it more if you
want to know more it's always there so
I'm not saying that this is great
literature or anything or that he has
fantastic imagery or prose in this in
this message but but it is true that I
did catch a couple typos I don't know if
this is it like transcribing would know
it's a screenshot or something but the
typos are original yes go on alright
well there were some but enough to be
like okay well this guy is obviously
educated PA five years into his PhD
right has a master's degree so I mean in
this way you learn that he's a
for the right woman use a catch really
right wine probably probably a woman who
also plays mandolin at the church group
or something okay yeah well that's what
twist so he proposes a date that sadly
found really offensive and entitled I
don't agree with her because I think
he's just begging and he then says if
it's agreeable to you maybe we could
arrange the meet up while I'm in town
respectfully Johnny anonymous PS before
anything else I'd like to know who are
Christian too if you are that's great oh
yeah if you aren't then I urge you to
get right with God before you think
about anything else
least of all me believe me when I say
that nothing is more important yeah and
you know that was what God was thinking
when he wrote the Bible he was like
dudes you're gonna use this to get laid
man he was gonna use this to big she's
laying it all on the table I'm an
atheist I let everyone know I'm an
atheist
I'm a nihilist I like I'm not I'm
anti-communist I'm a critic of the
Communist Party
I don't oh I would get laid so much more
if I were further to the left if I were
Pro communists or socially you know you
know but no I'm really open about what I
really believe or whoever lam Oni was it
that I'm anti-communist and then I'm you
know very very aggressively secular
atheist kind of person so so it's my
point it's it's easy to judge him for
being upfront and honest about who he is
and what he believes
but I'm upfront and honest about who I
believe so you know what I mean like you
know we got to try to come to one kind
of conclusion I came to two conclusions
it number one is have detachment so like
I said like in the email I found as an
example I think this is true of you
writing the meal so or when I first
worked you I think it's true of loss
where it's like look I'm writing this
person with the - I come over saying
this to you openly once we really got
into like buying airplane tickets to
meet each other and something once we
really got serious I was like look you
have to recognize it's really possible
we're not gonna like each other like the
majority of people the majority of the
time doesn't work out you're not right
whatever it is you know you know you
have to have detachment that we can end
up being just friends or you can end up
just feeling lukewarm about me like you
got like don't assume you're gonna be
swept off your feet and of course what
actually happened was you were
completely so our romance was Swift
to say the least all right so but you
know have detachment and I think that
detachment is really partly integrally
about the fact that most people are not
attracted to most people and most
relationships are not going to be sexual
in nature like if you do have something
in common like the stuff he's asking
about let's say you have all the stuff
in common
oh yeah I also play the mandolin doesn't
mean I want to suck your dick but what a
play the mandolin doesn't mean I want
you like though but we both play the
mandolin that's great you know um yes
really really having that attached for
most people that's the hardest thing to
do right but either you got it or you
don't
so I think before you can send an email
like this before you can send us a list
about you got it and then - this is my
solution maybe people in the audience
will disagree but that email I sent the
email about Oh
Cambodian politics here's the link to
Maya sama Cambodian politics right - a
woman the same way you'd write to a man
that's what I in that email I when I was
talking to Sally about it I was like
look this is exactly the same wording
like in every way if it was just a dude
I would have written exactly the same
email nothing different
there's no none of this not even like oh
I hope this doesn't offend you like I
hope this doesn't know nothing it's
exactly the same way I'd write to a dude
exactly all right so whatever we got to
have some variation here in case the
genders are inversed or ambiguous or
you're you know gay or whatever so you
know if you're a man right the woman
woman right into a man if you're gay and
lesbian you're writing to the same
gender or use your imagination here you
know what I mean right to this person
about the real substance of what it is
you have to write them about you know
the same way you would is if there's no
possibility of love romance or is that
simple I think I think those two things
number one and number two that is the
way to not be creepy that's all I got
and I think that's objectively real
whether you're handsome rug Li whether
you're a guy of a girl whether you were
the first email or you didn't somebody
else for the first email and then look I
have number three there and bright
yellow you still can't win life is
unfair and you're taking a risk and any
of these people can turn around and
denounce you and say you're a creep and
insult you and tell you you're ugly and
you look like you're dying of cancer and
laugh at you for playing mandolin in the
church basement or for liking Harry
Potter that's right I have the good
taste to make this to make this
anonymous but yeah yeah I mean you
whenever you are putting your heart on
the line for sure yeah I guess I can't
disagree with you I mean I think I do
wonder about the switching of the gender
genders you know like yeah I think like
for me I think probably for most women
it's probably good advice but yeah I
think some women like the way that they
talk to other women is more like you
know history okay it's not business like
enough is what you're saying it's not
here do you remember the woman who
threatened to sue me after just a couple
emails and I forget if she was she was
Dutch I think she was from the
Netherlands and you know I had a guy
write in to me he was also Dutch or
whatever she was built in the southern I
was also Belgian and you know so in you
know her English was a little bit you
know a little bit skewed and not not
quite correct English but I remember
this guy wouldn't even he said look I'm
read that you know I'm a hundred percent
certain that woman was trying to flirt
with you oh she was trying to get with
you you know that was what he picked up
he said no she wasn't doing a very good
job but she was reading you know and
then that correspondence really quickly
deteriorated into her screaming at me
that she hates me and is gonna sue me
you know and that's probably why
probably that's because the first email
she said sue you because right yeah
right I mean it's it's a risk right you
know yeah you know when people get but
that's that's a point one is about it's
a detachment like you know I look you
know so I mean she was writing to me
with whatever thoughts and hopes on her
mind and stuff and there are a whole lot
of reasons why I wasn't interested but
including said Yoshi one of the first
things she said was that she's not vegan
like well gee you you're sure no you
shouldn't you sure know how to talk to
me there's one thing you could have
figured out my youtube channel lie you
know one of a shot lie just say you're
vegan me know say you're a vegan for
ethical reasons like but it was like
yeah well I'm not vegan but you know
it's like you know yeah so okay big
smiles from Melissa here but that's it
it you know we live in a day and age
where I think people are criticized for
and denounced for being a creep all the
time and you know it's a little bit
unfair and there's no doubt guys who
were good-looking get away with things
that you know less attractive guys you
know can't get away with you know the
the margins for broke on it are really
really tight and the Internet does not
come with a manual and a you know a lot
of people get in their hearts broken
yeah and yeah sure sure there are a lot
of people you know drowning their
sorrows but you know if you really think
about what life was like hundred years
ago
were the only people you could date were
the people you know in your village in
your town on your block going to your
county fair and you had 30 seconds when
you happen to meet them maybe you
couldn't even talk to them you had to
talk to their brother or their uncle or
their father and say oh pardon me you
know I'm aware you have a nice you know
I'm interested in man we've come a long
way and we're going through a process of
social and cultural
and intellectual evolution as a species
and for me I hate to harp on it but one
of the most important things is in terms
of your evolution I don't think you can
get by playing science fiction
role-playing games Doctor Who Harry
Potter you know I think you got to adapt
I think intellectually you've got to be
in a position where you can send that
email and it's both something really
substantive really interesting really
meaningful not necessarily the politics
of Cambodia where you're creating some
common ground to make a connection that
ultimately isn't just about your means
okay guys hit me up on patreon I am
you